Added the Kudu item increase trick to Kudu docs (#2613)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Umbraco-Cloud/Set-Up/Power-Tools/index.md

* [Run an extraction manually](Manual-extractions)
* [Generate UDA files](generating-uda-files)

## Showing more than 199 items in Kudu
 
Larger sites can often have more than 199 items in various folders, and you only have to view 199 files/folders by default.
 
That can be increased by doing the following:
 
1. Open the browser console while you're in Kudu.
2. Type 
```
window.localStorage['maxViewItems'] = 999
```
Where 999 will be the new limit. You can, of course, set it to anything you like.

3. Hit enter.

> 4. You should now be able to view the folders/files up to the limit you've set it to.

Reviewer: Won't happen for the current folder, only for any new folder you navigate into. So if you are doing it because you can't find something in your current folder you'll need to navigate out of it and then in again to see more than 199 items.

May be good to write a note about 🙂

* [Run an extraction manually](Manual-extractions)
* [Generate UDA files](generating-uda-files)

## Showing more than 199 items in Kudu
 

> Larger sites can often have more than 199 items in various folders, and you only have to view 199 files/folders by default.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Larger sites can often have more than 199 items in various folders and by default, you can only view 199 files/folders.
```

> That can be increased by doing the following:
>  
> 1. Open the browser console while you're in Kudu.
> 2. Type 
> ```
> window.localStorage['maxViewItems'] = 999
> ```
> Where 999 will be the new limit. You can, of course, set it to anything you like.
> 
> 3. Hit enter.
> 4. Navigate out and back in to the folder you want to view the files in.
> 5. You should now be able to view the folders/files up to the limit you've set it to.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
That can be increased by doing the following:
 
1. Open the browser console while you're in Kudu.
2. Type `window.localStorage['maxViewItems'] = 999` - Where 999 will be the new limit. This can be set to anything you like.
3. Hit enter.
4. Navigate out of and back into the folder you want to view the files in.
5. You should now be able to view the folders/files up to the limit you've set it to.
```
